[identity] Username password credential deprecation tags to class level (#33312)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

### Other Changes

> - Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential` and `UsernamePasswordCredentialOptions`, as it doesn't support multifactor authentication (MFA). MFA will soon be enforced on all Microsoft Entra tenants. For more details, see [Planning for mandatory MFA](https://aka.ms/mfaforazure). [#33136](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33136) and [#33312](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33312)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `UsernamePasswordCredential` and `UsernamePasswordCredentialOptions`, as the credential doesn't support multifactor authentication (MFA). MFA will soon be enforced on all Microsoft Entra tenants. For more details, see [Planning for mandatory MFA](https://aka.ms/mfaforazure). [#33136](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33136) and [#33312](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33312)
```

> - For`AzureCliCredential` and `AzureDeveloperCliCredential`, if system root environment variable is not found on the Windows platform, the system root variable is set to the appropriate value with a warning logged as opposed to throwing an error. [#33178](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33178)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For `AzureCliCredential` and `AzureDeveloperCliCredential`, if system root environment variable is not found on the Windows platform, the system root variable is set to the appropriate value with a warning logged as opposed to throwing an error. [#33178](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/33178)
```
